content/classes/_index.md, before:

---
title: Classes
description: 'Classes Section'
---
### So, what _**do**_ I teach here?

#### This semester, I am teaching ...

 + [:bar_chart: Data Analytics](/classes/dataanalytics/dataanalytics)
 + [:woman_climbing: Junior Seminar](/classes/juniorseminar/juniorseminar/)

<center>
&#x200B;
</center>

<img src="/images/main/starComputing1.jpg" alt="computing under the stars" width="100"/>

<!-- <img src="/images/main/starComputing1.jpg" alt="computing under the stars" width="100" height="400"/> -->

<!-- add a line drop -->
<center>
&#x200B;
</center>


#### However, During Other Semesters, I teach ...

<!-- add a line drop --> 
<center>
&#x200B;
</center>

 + [:compass: Academic Discord](/classes/academicdiscord/academicdiscord/)
 + [:thread: Database Systems](/classes/databasesystems/databasesystems/)
 + [:computer_disk: Operating Systems](/classes/operatingsystems/operatingsystems/)
 + [:dna: Bioinformatics](/classes/bioinformatics/bioinformatics/)
<!-- need to go to index on discretestructures since there are "blog files" to host there... -->
 + [:man_biking: Discrete Structures](/classes/discretestructures/)

---

<!-- ### Descriptions -->

Commit message:

add course-in-a-box text

content/classes/_index.md, after:

---
title: Classes
description: 'Classes Section'
---
### So, what _**do**_ I teach here?

#### This semester, I am teaching ...

 + [:bar_chart: Data Analytics](/classes/dataanalytics/dataanalytics)
 + [:woman_climbing: Junior Seminar](/classes/juniorseminar/juniorseminar/)

<center>
&#x200B;
</center>

<img src="/images/main/starComputing1.jpg" alt="computing under the stars" width="100"/>

<!-- <img src="/images/main/starComputing1.jpg" alt="computing under the stars" width="100" height="400"/> -->

<!-- add a line drop -->
<center>
&#x200B;
</center>


#### However, During Other Semesters, I teach ...

<!-- add a line drop --> 
<center>
&#x200B;
</center>

 + [:compass: Academic Discord](/classes/academicdiscord/academicdiscord/)
 + [:thread: Database Systems](/classes/databasesystems/databasesystems/)
 + [:computer_disk: Operating Systems](/classes/operatingsystems/operatingsystems/)
 + [:dna: Bioinformatics](/classes/bioinformatics/bioinformatics/)
<!-- need to go to index on discretestructures since there are "blog files" to host there... -->
 + [:man_biking: Discrete Structures](/classes/discretestructures/)

---

### Classes in a Box

Much like how you may get food from the store which is _ready to eat_, I have prepared two courses which are piping hot and _ready to teach_. I offer a course in [Bioinformatics](https://computationalbioinformatics.com/) and another in [Senior Thesis Research](https://devisingresearch.com/) which I have used at Allegheny College several times. If you are an instructor at the high-school or college level, help your self to the materials at the above sites! Please be sure to let me know your thoughts and comments if you apply them to your course.

---

<!-- ### Descriptions -->
